README.md, before:

# Awesome Immich [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

> A curated list of awesome Immich plugins, tools, and community projects

[Immich](https://immich.app/) is a self-hosted photo and video management solution with a web interface and mobile apps.

See also https://immich.app/docs/community-projects/

## Contents

- [CLI Tools](#cli-tools)
- [Import/Export Tools](#importexport-tools)
- [Media Management](#media-management)
- [Slideshow & Display](#slideshow--display)
- [Optimization](#optimization)
- [Sharing](#sharing)
- [Distribution](#distribution)
- [Home Automation](#home-automation)
  
## CLI Tools

- [immich-go](https://github.com/simulot/immich-go) - Alternative CLI tool that doesn't depend on Node.js, specializes in importing Google Photos Takeout archives.
- [Powershell Module PSImmich](https://github.com/hanpq/PSImmich) - PowerShell module for the Immich API.

## Import/Export Tools

- [API Album Sync](https://github.com/Derkades/immich-api-album-sync) - Python script to sync folders as albums.
- [Create albums from folders](https://github.com/Derkades/immich-albums-from-folders) - Python script to create albums based on the folder structure of an external library.
- [Immich Downloader](https://github.com/loganmarchione/immich-downloader) - Downloads a configurable number of random photos based on people or album ID.
- [Lightroom Publisher: mi.Immich.Publisher](https://github.com/midzelis/mi.Immich.Publisher) - Lightroom plugin to publish photos from Lightroom collections to Immich albums.
- [Lightroom Immich Plugin: lrc-immich-plugin](https://github.com/bmachek/lrc-immich-plugin) - Lightroom plugin to publish and export photos from Lightroom to Immich. Import from Immich to Lightroom is also supported.

## Media Management

- [Remove offline files](https://github.com/Derkades/immich-remove-offline-files) - Simple way to remove orphaned offline assets from the Immich database.
- [Immich-Tools](https://github.com/3rob3/immich-tools) - Provides scripts for handling problems on the repair page.
- [Immich-Tiktok-Remover](https://github.com/Nick-Eagles/immich-tiktok-remover) - Script to search for and remove TikTok videos from your Immich library.
- [Immich Power Tools](https://github.com/varun-raj/immich-power-tools) - Power tools for organizing your Immich library.
- [Immich Face To Album](https://github.com/romainrbr/immich-face-to-album) - Sync all photos belonging to one or more detected faces into an existing Immich album
- [Immich MediaKit](https://github.com/RazgrizHsu/immich-mediakit) - Extension toolkit enabling advanced management capabilities through AI-powered similarity detection and duplicate management.
- [Immich Auto Stack](https://github.com/tenekev/immich-auto-stack) - Python script that automatically stacks together photos based on configurable criteria like filename and capture time.

## Slideshow & Display

- [ImmichFrame](https://github.com/3rob3/ImmichFrame) - Run an Immich slideshow in a photo frame.
- [Immich Kiosk](https://github.com/damongolding/immich-kiosk) - Lightweight slideshow to run on kiosk devices and browsers.
- [Immich Android TV](https://github.com/giejay/Immich-Android-TV) - Unofficial Immich Android TV app.
- [Immich Kodi](https://github.com/steve-gombos/immich-kodi-plugin) - Unofficial Kodi plugin for Immich.
- [Immich Gallery](https://github.com/mensadilabs/Immich-Gallery) - Native Apple TV app with grid view, people recognition, albums, slideshow mode, and multi-user support.

## Optimization

- [Immich Upload Optimizer](https://github.com/miguelangel-nubla/immich-upload-optimizer) - Automatically optimize files uploaded to Immich in order to save storage space.
- [Immich Machine Learning Load Balancer](https://github.com/apetersson/immich_ml_balancer) - Speed up your machine learning by load balancing your requests to multiple computers

## Sharing

- [Immich Public Proxy](https://github.com/alangrainger/immich-public-proxy) - Share your Immich photos and albums in a safe way without exposing your Immich instance to the public.
- [Immich Drop Uploader](https://github.com/Nasogaa/immich-drop) - A tiny, zero-login web app for collecting photos/videos from anyone into your Immich server.
- [Immich Book](https://github.com/ch1bo/immich-book) - Create beautiful photo books from your Immich albums.
  
## Distribution

- [Immich Distribution](https://github.com/nsg/immich-distribution) - Snap package for easy install and zero-care auto updates of Immich.
- [Immich in LXC](https://github.com/loeeeee/immich-in-lxc) - Install Immich in LXC with optional CUDA support for hardware acceleration.

## Home Automation

- [Immich Home Assistant](https://github.com/outadoc/immich-home-assistant) - Home Assistant component to display random pictures from your Immich library on dashboards and smart displays.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome!

Commit message:

Add Obsidian Immich Picker plugin to README

README.md, after:

# Awesome Immich [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

> A curated list of awesome Immich plugins, tools, and community projects

[Immich](https://immich.app/) is a self-hosted photo and video management solution with a web interface and mobile apps.

See also https://immich.app/docs/community-projects/

## Contents

- [CLI Tools](#cli-tools)
- [Import/Export Tools](#importexport-tools)
- [Media Management](#media-management)
- [Slideshow & Display](#slideshow--display)
- [Optimization](#optimization)
- [Sharing](#sharing)
- [Distribution](#distribution)
- [Home Automation](#home-automation)
  
## CLI Tools

- [immich-go](https://github.com/simulot/immich-go) - Alternative CLI tool that doesn't depend on Node.js, specializes in importing Google Photos Takeout archives.
- [Powershell Module PSImmich](https://github.com/hanpq/PSImmich) - PowerShell module for the Immich API.

## Import/Export Tools

- [API Album Sync](https://github.com/Derkades/immich-api-album-sync) - Python script to sync folders as albums.
- [Create albums from folders](https://github.com/Derkades/immich-albums-from-folders) - Python script to create albums based on the folder structure of an external library.
- [Immich Downloader](https://github.com/loganmarchione/immich-downloader) - Downloads a configurable number of random photos based on people or album ID.
- [Lightroom Publisher: mi.Immich.Publisher](https://github.com/midzelis/mi.Immich.Publisher) - Lightroom plugin to publish photos from Lightroom collections to Immich albums.
- [Lightroom Immich Plugin: lrc-immich-plugin](https://github.com/bmachek/lrc-immich-plugin) - Lightroom plugin to publish and export photos from Lightroom to Immich. Import from Immich to Lightroom is also supported.
- [Obsidian Immich Picker](https://github.com/eikowagenknecht/obsidian-immich-picker) - Obsidian plugin to browse and insert photos from your Immich library into notes.

## Media Management

- [Remove offline files](https://github.com/Derkades/immich-remove-offline-files) - Simple way to remove orphaned offline assets from the Immich database.
- [Immich-Tools](https://github.com/3rob3/immich-tools) - Provides scripts for handling problems on the repair page.
- [Immich-Tiktok-Remover](https://github.com/Nick-Eagles/immich-tiktok-remover) - Script to search for and remove TikTok videos from your Immich library.
- [Immich Power Tools](https://github.com/varun-raj/immich-power-tools) - Power tools for organizing your Immich library.
- [Immich Face To Album](https://github.com/romainrbr/immich-face-to-album) - Sync all photos belonging to one or more detected faces into an existing Immich album
- [Immich MediaKit](https://github.com/RazgrizHsu/immich-mediakit) - Extension toolkit enabling advanced management capabilities through AI-powered similarity detection and duplicate management.
- [Immich Auto Stack](https://github.com/tenekev/immich-auto-stack) - Python script that automatically stacks together photos based on configurable criteria like filename and capture time.

## Slideshow & Display

- [ImmichFrame](https://github.com/3rob3/ImmichFrame) - Run an Immich slideshow in a photo frame.
- [Immich Kiosk](https://github.com/damongolding/immich-kiosk) - Lightweight slideshow to run on kiosk devices and browsers.
- [Immich Android TV](https://github.com/giejay/Immich-Android-TV) - Unofficial Immich Android TV app.
- [Immich Kodi](https://github.com/steve-gombos/immich-kodi-plugin) - Unofficial Kodi plugin for Immich.
- [Immich Gallery](https://github.com/mensadilabs/Immich-Gallery) - Native Apple TV app with grid view, people recognition, albums, slideshow mode, and multi-user support.

## Optimization

- [Immich Upload Optimizer](https://github.com/miguelangel-nubla/immich-upload-optimizer) - Automatically optimize files uploaded to Immich in order to save storage space.
- [Immich Machine Learning Load Balancer](https://github.com/apetersson/immich_ml_balancer) - Speed up your machine learning by load balancing your requests to multiple computers

## Sharing

- [Immich Public Proxy](https://github.com/alangrainger/immich-public-proxy) - Share your Immich photos and albums in a safe way without exposing your Immich instance to the public.
- [Immich Drop Uploader](https://github.com/Nasogaa/immich-drop) - A tiny, zero-login web app for collecting photos/videos from anyone into your Immich server.
- [Immich Book](https://github.com/ch1bo/immich-book) - Create beautiful photo books from your Immich albums.
  
## Distribution

- [Immich Distribution](https://github.com/nsg/immich-distribution) - Snap package for easy install and zero-care auto updates of Immich.
- [Immich in LXC](https://github.com/loeeeee/immich-in-lxc) - Install Immich in LXC with optional CUDA support for hardware acceleration.

## Home Automation

- [Immich Home Assistant](https://github.com/outadoc/immich-home-assistant) - Home Assistant component to display random pictures from your Immich library on dashboards and smart displays.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome!
